We often confuses asymptotic notations with the best and worst
cases of an algorithm. mostly we think that big Oh
represents the upper bound,
So, it is useful for worst case. Theta represents the
average bound
So, it is useful for average case and Omega
represents lower bound so it is useful for the best
case
This is not true
We can use any notation for any case
Asymptotic Notations are the simplest way to represent time
functions
It has nothing to do with the best or worst
case of an algorithm
In short, asymptotic notations belong to time functions and
the time function can be anything
say best case time function, worst case time function or
average case time function. That's it.
So don't confuse asymptotic notations with best case or
worst case analysis.